README.md, before:

talks [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mdlayher/talks.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mdlayher/talks)
=====

Talks by Matt Layher. MIT Licensed.

Talks
-----

- [Open vSwitch 2017 Fall Conference: OvS manipulation with Go at DigitalOcean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45PpBbqB2Z0) [[slides](https://github.com/mdlayher/talks/blob/master/ovscon2017/ovs-manipulation-with-go-at-digitalocean.pdf)]
  - How DigitalOcean controls Open vSwitch using the Go programming language.
- [GopherCon 2017 - Lightning Talk: Ethernet and Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgNiktCFuBg) [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/gophercon2017/ethernet-and-go/ethernet-and-go.slide#1)]
  - A lightning talk about using Ethernet frames and raw sockets directly in Go.
- A brief intro to Go [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/misc/a-brief-intro-to-go/a-brief-intro-to-go.slide)]
- package ovs [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/misc/package-ovs/package-ovs.slide)]
- Self-contained testing in Go [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/misc/self-contained-testing-in-go/self-contained-testing-in-go.slide)]

Commit message:

cnceu2018: add metadata and slides for talk

README.md, after:

talks [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mdlayher/talks.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mdlayher/talks)
=====

Talks by Matt Layher. MIT Licensed.

Talks
-----

- Cloud Native Con EU 2018: How to export Prometheus metrics from just about anything [[slides](https://github.com/mdlayher/talks/blob/master/cnceu2018/htepmfjaa/how-to-export-prometheus-metrics-from-just-about-anything.pdf)]
  - Gathering and exporting Prometheus metrics from files, devices, and system calls.
- [Open vSwitch 2017 Fall Conference: OvS manipulation with Go at DigitalOcean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45PpBbqB2Z0) [[slides](https://github.com/mdlayher/talks/blob/master/ovscon2017/ovs-manipulation-with-go-at-digitalocean.pdf)]
  - How DigitalOcean controls Open vSwitch using the Go programming language.
- [GopherCon 2017 - Lightning Talk: Ethernet and Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgNiktCFuBg) [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/gophercon2017/ethernet-and-go/ethernet-and-go.slide#1)]
  - A lightning talk about using Ethernet frames and raw sockets directly in Go.
- A brief intro to Go [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/misc/a-brief-intro-to-go/a-brief-intro-to-go.slide)]
- package ovs [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/misc/package-ovs/package-ovs.slide)]
- Self-contained testing in Go [[slides](http://go-talks.appspot.com/github.com/mdlayher/talks/misc/self-contained-testing-in-go/self-contained-testing-in-go.slide)]
